---
title: Profiles
permalink: /profiles/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p></p><p>• Dr. Rhema Mei Lan Hokama (PhD, English literature, Harvard University), Assistant Professor of English literature, SUTD</p><p>Link to the event that this speaker is participating in</p><p></p><p>• Dr. Walter Lim, (PhD, English literature, University of Toronto), Associate Professor in English literature, NUS</p><p>Link to the event that this speaker is participating in</p><p></p><p>• Dr. Emily Soon (PhD, English literature, King’s College London), Lecturer in the College of Integrative Studies, SMU</p><p>Link to the event that this speaker is participating in</p><p></p><p>• Dr. Andrew Hui (PhD, Comparative literature, Princeton University), Associate Professor of Humanities, Yale-NUS College and NUS</p><p>Link to the event that this speaker is participating in</p><p></p><p>• Dr. Melissa Shao-Hsuan Tu (PhD, English literature, Yale University), Lecturer in English literature, SUTD</p><p>Link to the event that this speaker is participating in</p><p></p><p>• Dr. Roweena Yip (PhD, Theater studies, NUS), Lecturer in Humanities, NUS College</p><p>Link to the event that this speaker is participating in</p><p></p><p>• Dr. Hannah Smith-Drelich (PhD, English literature, Stanford University), Lecturer in Humanities, NUS College</p><p>Link to the event that this speaker is participating in</p><p></p><p>• Dr. Joshua Ehrlich (PhD, History, Harvard University), Assistant Professor, Department of History, University of Macau</p><p>Link to the event that this speaker is participating in</p>